Welcome to this module. In this and next module, I will take over and whilst I will show you how to create
and add your own custom visuals to Power BI projects in the next module, in this module,
I will have a look at other data sources,
so other sources we can query and get our data into Power BI. Throughout the course, we mostly look at
csv files and also how we could import data from a webpage
but of course there are other important data sources too
and in this module, we'll have a look at three other important data sources. That will be a database,
MySQL database
since it's a common use case that you have data in the database which you want to query and then analyze
in
Power BI. We'll have a look at JSON,
JSON is a data format, kind of an alternative to csv you could say but it's structured a bit differently,
it stands for Javascript Object Notation and it's often used in web development and a lot of restful
APIs, so web services you can query return data in that format and that will also be the third data
source, querying such restful APIs,
so sending HTTP requests to URLs which don't return a webpage but just some structured data.
So these are the three sources I want to have a look at
and in the next lecture, we're going to start with JSON.